Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, only last lecture.
We created a function which we called peak image.
Also, we made a dynamic of our year.
We passed in source, the source of the maze on how we are going to take this image either from gallery
of a camera, which is also a type of image source.
Then we created a variable called image or that's called image picker, which is equal to the image
of your car widget.
Okay.
Then after we said it is a type of image figure, right?
Then in another slide, we created a verbal code on this go in and I just saw the results before that.
Now we are making it dynamic, right?
So we have not passed in the location and that is how we are going to pick that image.
That is either from a camera or either from the gallery.
Okay.
Now, over here, we are checking if the user actually picked the image or not.
We said if the user picked the image, then we want to be told how it's what is qualified.
Or tweet us about health that says the uses that does that being the image or refuses to take an image.
Then once a print the.
No message, no image selected.
Right.
Okay, now, for now, we are just pretending to ourselves.
Probably in the future we are going to present it to the user and not ourselves because we are not the
one making that error.
Okay, so now in this lecture, what we're going to do is we are going to call this.
Function.
Okay, now to do this, I'm going to go to our.
Or try to make you swallow it.
We're going to go to our side of screen.
Right.
Okay.
Keep control and B, to make this wider now.
Now, this is the icon.
Okay.
This is the icon widget, right?
So what I'm going to do is one click on this.
It's going to trigger that function.
So what we're going to do is we are going to make this clickable.
So we're going to use control and dots.
We can rob this with a widget since the widget is not over.
This pop out a little click on Rupert's widgets, then I will wrap it with the widget node as well,
which is going to make the icons clickable.
Think.
Ink.
Well, okay, great.
Okay.
Just going to break this.
So the next night, they were going to have the they're going to have the.
On.
Top.
Okay.
Now, what you're gonna do is we're just going to create a function.
Over a year.
And you can call this function.
Okay.
We're just going to get rid of that.
You can call this function, select public here.
Okay, select image.
Okay.
So just copy this and they just want to create this.
The talk.
Okay.
Going doesn't create this.
So is this.
Okay.
Now we are going to use the R word.
So first of all, over the past is saying, okay, now in order to have access to this.
That's how I was this big image.
We need to first have access to the class, which we call the control controller.
So.
Or via regular arts.
So what's.
But Controller, we need to call it a dot.
Peak image I can I can see is asking for the source because we made it dynamic.
So this is going to be.
Image.
Source then the gallery for now.
Okay, great.
Now what we can do is we can store the results.
That is the perfect image in a variable.
We can just call this the river card.
I am okay.
Which is the short form of image.
Right.
As well.
Now with this.
They can easily read more about async and how it's actually okay.
Now you're going to see the type of.
You.
You ain't.
It's.
So it's, I think.
You.
It's okay.
I'm just going to do it for you.
So you going to see.
Okay.
Can't you?
You can say to you, it's okay.
You okay?
Great.
Okay.
So okay, now what they're going to do is, first of all, they're going to set state.
No, I don't think you can set stats because you're using less widgets.
So we kind of did the UI.
So what you're going to do covered this state for widget so that these are like for us, this country
red dots you're going to click on convert to state for widgets.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now we can use the set states.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing we're going to do is we're going to create a global variable, and that variable
is going to store the current peeked image because the display is over.
Over you.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can just create.
It's here.
You know, just going to give some space.
Okay.
So we can call this on this call.
Image.
Okay, then we can see the type of you, ain't you, which is also a type of guy like you.
It's.
So is.
It's less.
So this is a type of I think we can just it can be.
No.
Okay.
Then how do you semi-colon.
Now, over here.
We can call this global variable, which we call it, or the score.
Image that we're going to see is equal to this variable which is holding the current image.
So this.
Okay.
So this is basically it.
I know I talked too much.
So that was I feel it is a very big deal, but really it's not really a big deal.
You can see that is just this line is just this line of code.
Then this line of code for the analyst is going to be very, very long because I talk too much and I'm
sorry for that.
Okay.
So now what you're going to do next is I'm going to try to display that image, that picked image.
First of all, I didn't know how to start this first.
Just know about the status.
Okay.
I think this is very chicken salad time.
Just going to wait some bits.
Okay.
I think they should take us back to the log in first.
You're going to go to the sign up.
Okay.
Now.
Little click on this.
Okay.
Great.
Now it opens up our gallery.
So I gather you're just going to look now?
You can see currently we have no images on our emulator.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can paste images over here so we can go to our files.
You can go to our files, search for that, I think.
Okay.
You can go to Dallas.
Then we can just copy this and use all of it on top.
In to.
Okay.
We'll probably.
So we're going to do this again, I think.
Okay, there's no cost to this.
So we're going to use auto tab the.
Okay.
A little girl that we were going to paste this year.
Great.
Mark is going to go check.
Okay.
Go back to it again.
Okay is now available.
They were able to click on it.
Okay, great.
So now what I'm going to do is display that pict image.
Okay, so to do this, first of all, in this circle of to what we can see is that the variable which
we call it is called.
Image.
I want to see if it's equal to.
No.
Who is equal to.
Let's think.
Okay.
If it is equal to now, then we want everyone to get treated.
First of all, we're just going to copy this.
Right.
So we're going to do the hair spots.
They're going to paste this.
Okay.
So now we are saying if the image is equal to.
So we can just see if it is not equal to that.
To this we have an image then instead of using the network.
The network.
It's obvious in a network image we're going to use the memory.
Memory image okay there little that global variable created, which we call this core image.
Okay.
They had our exclamation mark to say, we know that if we don't.
So what I simply say is if we have an image that is if image is not equal to non, which means we have
an image, then we want to display its health.
If we don't have an image, we just want to continue loading that into its image.
Okay, so now we're going to try to guess or to start this.
I think I talk too much.
Right.
Okay.
But just for you to try to get everything.
So that's why I'm talking so much.
Okay, so now I will click on this accord.
You see?
You can see currently we don't have the we don't have any picked image.
So it's when does this part of that?
Is the house okay.
So now what they're going to do is they're going to try to pick the image.
So we're going to pick this.
Okay, great.
Now you can see if a works so fine.
Right.
Okay.
Now, really, here is the most line of code for this.
Right.
There is really no more sense of could I just talk to much?
Okay.
Great.
So this is basically it.
So from the next lecture, I got to know that I saved this image to our.
Stories.
First, they're going to upload that picture to our Firebase database faster database.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
So in this lecture.